hi I'm Aaron Monroe and I work for Mason
management today will discover the
harmonium distinctive architecture
tranquil landscaping and resort-style
amenities right here in the heart of
Costa Mesa welcome to park Mesa villas a
Mesa managed community our professional
team is available to assist you seven
days a week enabling you to spend more
time enjoying all the wonderful options
available to you as you experience the
maintenance-free lifestyle at Park Mesa
villas you'll feel like every day of the
vacation here and no matter what your
interest for hobbies you're sure to find
whatever you're looking for at park Mesa
villas
our spacious one-and two-bedroom villas
range from 505 square feet to 900 square
feet and include sophisticated kitchens
featuring stunning upgraded cabinetry a
dual sided stainless steel sink with
polished chrome faucet convenient
electric range and oven combination
built-in microwave automatic dishwasher
and exquisite granite countertops
throughout
open floor plans are light and bright
with plenty of luminous windows mirrors
throughout an energy efficient ceiling
fan in your dining area and vaulted
ceilings and views should you choose one
of our upstairs apartment homes upgraded
custom doors and plush wall-to-wall
carpeting further enhanced the living
space extra large bedrooms are
distinctively designed with you in mind
and will easily accommodate almost any
furniture configuration with ease you're
sure to stay organized with our roomie
oversized closets decadent bathrooms
feature a separate vanity area with
beautiful cabinetry exquisite granite
and a functional tub/shower combination
unwind at the end of a long day with a
nice glass of wine or soothing cup of
tea and a good book on your own private
deck or balcony complete with the
separate locking storage enjoy the
time-saving convenience of doing your
laundry all at once in one of our
well-lit immaculately clean laundry
rooms with card operated machines keep
your car protected from the elements by
utilizing either one of our assigned
covered parking spaces or enclosed
garages with additional overhead storage
take in the serenity of our lush Park
like landscaping as you stroll down
meandering walkways or rest in the shade
of one of our magnificent and plentiful
trees relax with your friends and
neighbors in our entertainers clubhouse
complete with the media center and a
conversation area with the cozy
fireplace and ample plush seating and a
gourmet kitchen of course the option to
reserve our clubhouse for a private
party is right at your fingertips shoot
a friendly game of pool with your
buddies in the billiard room or get an
invigorating workout in our
state-of-the-art 24-hour fitness room
complete with cooling ceiling fans and
plenty of Windows our cardio center
features the flat-screen TV and the
newest of simplex equipment
continue your fitness and swim some laps
in our refreshing pool then unwind and
are soothing jacuzzi soak up some rays
or retreat in the shade even grill a
steak or two on one of our gas barbecues
whatever your preference our resort
style pool area is sure to exceed your
expectations tennis anyone satisfy your
competitive edge or just taking a
relaxing friendly game on our lit tennis
courts be sure to ask your leasing
professional about our unparalleled Mesa
loyalty program an exclusive resident
reward program you need to park Mesa
villas residents location location
location Park mesa villas is adjacent to
a community park with volleyball courts
basketball courts and a playground were
just minutes from the fabulous South
Coast Plaza crystal court fine dining
the orange county performing arts center
john wayne airport and the sunny beaches
of Southern California centrally located
between the 55 73 and 405 freeways you
can't beat the location of park Mesa
villas so enjoy all the best that life
has to offer and join us here at Park
Mesa villas we can't wait to welcome you
home